Ignore pip packages in constraints (#200)
ESSS/conda-devenv: CHANGELOG.rst

CHANGELOG
=========

3.2.1 (2024-01-03)
------------------

> * Minor fix to ignore pip constraints and support pip packages in lock files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed handling of `constraints` when processing lock files and `dependencies` include a `pip` section.
```
